Add doc to opam file and README (#240)
ocamllabs/opam-monorepo: README.md

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fci.ocamllabs.io%2Fbadge%2Focamllabs%2Fopam-monorepo%2Fmain&logo=ocaml)](https://ci.ocamllabs.io/github/ocamllabs/opam-monorepo) [![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/doc-online-blue)](https://ocamllabs.io/opam-monorepo/opam-monorepo/index.html)

# opam-monorepo

`opam-monorepo` is an opam plugin designed to assemble standalone dune workspaces
with your projects and all of their dependencies, letting you build it all from scratch
using only `dune` and `ocaml`.

> Online documentation is available [here](https://ocamllabs.io/opam-monorepo/opam-monorepo/index.html).

Reviewer: For stylistic reasons I suggest not linking the word "here" but rather something like

```suggestion
[Documentation on opam-monorepo](https://ocamllabs.io/opam-monorepo/opam-monorepo/index.html) is available in the repository as well as available online.
```

This will also presumably make it easier for search engines to index it by having it linked up with good titles.

Author: Good idea!
